Revision of the course, fantastic work.
You've covered a lot of complex but important material in these lessons.
First, we did a review of objects,
how to create, access, and modify them.
Next, we looked at how functions worked at runtime.
We saw scope, closures,
and Immediately-Invoked Function Expressions.
Then, we combined all of these together to build our own classes.
We learned about constructor functions,
use the "this" keyword.
We also made use of prototype on inheritance to create and extend objects.
Finally, we took a close look at a few object-oriented design patterns to create,
extend and even add privacy objects.
Your new skills in object-oriented programming
opened up a whole new set of career opportunities.
So, congratulations. We'll see you next time.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6